---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "wangsu_cdn_property_deployments Data Source - wangsu"
subcategory: "CDN"
description: |-
  Use this data source to query CDN property deployments.
---

# wangsu_cdn_property_deployments (Data Source)

Use this data source to query CDN property deployments.

## Example Usage

```hcl
data "wangsu_cdn_property_deployments" "example_deployments" {
  property_id = 123456
  limit       = 10
  offset      = 0
  sort_by     = "lastUpdateTime"
  sort_order  = "desc"
  status      = "SUCCESS"
  target      = "production"
}
output "deployments" {
  value = data.wangsu_cdn_property_deployments.example_deployments
}
```


<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `limit` (Number) Maximum number of properties to return.  Default: 100 Range: <= 200
- `offset` (Number) Indicates the first item to return. The default is '0'.
- `property_id` (Number) Property ID.
- `sort_by` (String) Returns results in sorted order. Enum: submissionTime,lastUpdateTime Default: submissionTime
- `sort_order` (String) Order of deployments to return. Enum: asc,desc Default: desc
- `status` (String) Status of Deployment. Enum:PENDING,IN_PROCESS,SUCCESS,FAIL
- `target` (String) The value can be 'staging', or 'production' to filter the results based on where the property has been deployed.

### Read-Only

- `code` (String) Response code, 0 means successful.
- `data` (List of Object) Response data. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--data))
- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `message` (String) Response error message if failed.

<a id="nestedatt--data"></a>
### Nested Schema for `data`

Read-Only:

- `count` (Number) Number of deployment task.
- `deployments` (List of Object) List of deployment task summaries. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedobjatt--data--deployments))

<a id="nestedobjatt--data--deployments"></a>
### Nested Schema for `deployments`

Read-Only:

- `deployment_id` (Number) ID representing the deployment task.
- `deployment_name` (String) Name representing the deployment task.
- `finish_time` (String) An RFC 3339 format date indicating when the task was completed.
- `last_update_time` (String) An RFC 3339 format date indicating when the task was last updated.
- `status` (String) Status of Deployment. Enum: PENDING, IN_PROCESS, SUCCESS, FAIL.
- `submission_time` (String) An RFC 3339 format date indicating when the task was submitted.
- `target` (String) The value can be 'staging', or 'production'.
