---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "wangsu_cdn_property_deployment_detail Data Source - wangsu"
subcategory: "CDN"
description: |-
  Use this data source to query the details of a CDN property deployment task.
---

# wangsu_cdn_property_deployment_detail (Data Source)

Use this data source to query the details of a CDN property deployment task.

## Example Usage

```hcl
data "wangsu_cdn_property_deployment_detail" "example_deployment_detail" {
  deployment_id = 123456
}
output "deployment_detail" {
  value = data.wangsu_cdn_property_deployment_detail.example_deployment_detail
}
```


<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `deployment_id` (Number) ID of the deployment task

### Read-Only

- `code` (String) Response code, 0 means successful.
- `data` (List of Object) Response data. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--data))
- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `message` (String) Response error message if failed.

<a id="nestedatt--data"></a>
### Nested Schema for `data`

Read-Only:

- `actions` (List of Object) List of actions related to a deployment. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedobjatt--data--actions))
- `deployment_id` (Number) ID representing the deployment task.
- `deployment_name` (String) Name representing the deployment task.
- `finish_time` (String) An RFC 3339 format date indicating when the task completed.
- `last_update_time` (String) An RFC 3339 format date indicating when the task was last updated.
- `status` (String) Status of Deployment. Enum: PENDING, IN_PROCESS, SUCCESS, FAIL.
- `submission_time` (String) An RFC 3339 format date indicating when the task was submitted.
- `target` (String) The value can be 'staging', or 'production'.

<a id="nestedobjatt--data--actions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `actions`

Read-Only:

- `action` (String) Describe an action to take. Enum: deploy_property, remove_property.
- `property_id` (Number) ID of the property to deploy or remove.
- `version` (Number) Version of the property to deploy or remove.
