---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "wangsu_cdn_property_detail Data Source - wangsu"
subcategory: "CDN"
description: |-
  Use this data source to query CDN property details.
---

# wangsu_cdn_property_detail (Data Source)

Use this data source to query CDN property details.

## Example Usage

```hcl
data "wangsu_cdn_property_detail" "example_property" {
  property_id = 123456
  version     = 1
}
output "property_detail" {
  value = data.wangsu_cdn_property_detail.example_property
}
```


<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `property_id` (Number) Property ID
- `version` (Number) Property Version

### Read-Only

- `code` (String) Response code, 0 means successful.
- `data` (List of Object) Response data (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--data))
- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `message` (String) Response error message if failed.

<a id="nestedatt--data"></a>
### Nested Schema for `data`

Read-Only:

- `current_version` (Number) A property version.
- `frozen` (Boolean) Is the version frozen?
- `hostnames` (List of Object) List of hostnames (see [below for nested schema](#nestedobjatt--data--hostnames))
- `latest_version` (Number) Latest version of the property.
- `origins` (String) Specify the hostname and settings used to contact the origin once service begins.
- `production_deploying_version` (List of Object) production deploying version details (see [below for nested schema](#nestedobjatt--data--production_deploying_version))
- `production_version` (List of Object) Production version details (see [below for nested schema](#nestedobjatt--data--production_version))
- `property_comment` (String) A description of the property.
- `property_creation_time` (String) Creation time in RFC3339 format.
- `property_id` (Number) Property ID
- `property_last_update_time` (String) Last update time in RFC3339 format.
- `property_name` (String) Name of the property.
- `rules` (String) Rules.
- `service_type` (String) Service type.
- `staging_deploying_version` (List of Object) Staging deploying version details (see [below for nested schema](#nestedobjatt--data--staging_deploying_version))
- `staging_version` (List of Object) Staging version details (see [below for nested schema](#nestedobjatt--data--staging_version))
- `variables` (String) The Variables feature allows you to define variables, assign values to them, and reuse them in functional test cases. A variable consists of a name and a value.
- `version_comment` (String) A description of the current version.
- `version_creation_time` (String) Version creation time in RFC3339 format.
- `version_last_update_time` (String) Version last update time in RFC3339 format.

<a id="nestedobjatt--data--hostnames"></a>
### Nested Schema for `hostnames`

Read-Only:

- `certificates` (List of Object) Hostname association certificate configuration (see [below for nested schema](#nestedobjatt--data--hostnames--certificates))
- `default_origin` (List of Object) Default origin (see [below for nested schema](#nestedobjatt--data--hostnames--default_origin))
- `edge_hostname` (List of Object) Hostname edge-hostname config (see [below for nested schema](#nestedobjatt--data--hostnames--edge_hostname))
- `hostname` (String) Hostname
- `icp` (String) Domain ICP information

<a id="nestedobjatt--data--hostnames--certificates"></a>
### Nested Schema for `certificates`

Read-Only:

- `certificate_id` (Number) Certificate ID
- `certificate_usage` (String) Certificate usage. Data range: default_sni, ssl_bk, gm_sm2_enc, gm_sm2_sign, client_mtls


<a id="nestedobjatt--data--hostnames--default_origin"></a>
### Nested Schema for `default_origin`

Read-Only:

- `host` (String) Origin host
- `http_port` (Number) HTTP port
- `https_port` (Number) HTTPS port
- `ip_version` (String) IP version. Data range: dual, ipv4, ipv6
- `servers` (List of String) Origin servers
- `scheme` (String) Scheme used for origin requests. Options include:- http: Fixedly use HTTP.- https: Fixedly use HTTPS.- honor: default option.Follow the scheme of the client request (default).
- `proxy_ssl_sni_enabled` (Boolean) Whether to enable SNI. Options include:- true: The origin TLS handshake will carry SNI (Server Name Indication).Note: Before enabling SNI, please upload the certificate to the origin and set the back-to-origin scheme to https.- false: The origin TLS handshake will not carry SNI (Server Name Indication)
- `proxy_ssl_sni_server` (String) After enabling SNI, you need to configure the specified SNI server to include the SNI information carried in the origin TLS handshake. If left empty or don't carry the parameter, the default value will follows the origin host header.
- `proxy_ssl_version` (List of String) List of origin TLS protocol versions, supporting configuring multiple versions.- Options: TLSv1, TLSv1.1, TLSv1.2, TLSv1.3- Default: TLSv1, TLSv1.1, TLSv1.2, TLSv1.3


<a id="nestedobjatt--data--hostnames--edge_hostname"></a>
### Nested Schema for `edge_hostname`

Read-Only:

- `dns_service_status` (String) DNS service status. Data range: inactive, active
- `edge_hostname` (String) Edge-hostname
- `edge_hostname_prefix` (String) Edge-hostname prefix
- `edge_hostname_suffix` (String) Edge-hostname suffix



<a id="nestedobjatt--data--production_deploying_version"></a>
### Nested Schema for `production_deploying_version`

Read-Only:

- `hostnames` (List of String) List of hostnames.
- `version` (Number) Version of the property.


<a id="nestedobjatt--data--production_version"></a>
### Nested Schema for `production_version`

Read-Only:

- `hostnames` (List of String) List of hostnames.
- `version` (Number) Version of the property.


<a id="nestedobjatt--data--staging_deploying_version"></a>
### Nested Schema for `staging_deploying_version`

Read-Only:

- `hostnames` (List of String) List of hostnames.
- `version` (Number) Version of the property.


<a id="nestedobjatt--data--staging_version"></a>
### Nested Schema for `staging_version`

Read-Only:

- `hostnames` (List of String) List of hostnames.
- `version` (Number) Version of the property.
