---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "wangsu_cdn_properties Data Source - wangsu"
subcategory: "CDN"
description: |-
  Use this data source to query CDN properties.
---

# wangsu_cdn_properties (Data Source)

Use this data source to query CDN properties.

## Example Usage

```hcl
data "wangsu_cdn_properties" "example_properties" {
  hostname     = ["www.example.com", "www.example2.com"]
  service_type = "wsa"
  target       = ["staging", "production"]
  limit        = 10
  offset       = 0
  sort_by      = "lastUpdateTime"
  sort_order   = "desc"
}
output "properties" {
  value = data.wangsu_cdn_properties.example_properties
}
```


<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `hostname` (List of String) Filter by hostname. If specified, only properties with this hostname will be returned.
- `limit` (Number) Maximum number of properties to return.  Default: 100 Range: <= 200
- `offset` (Number) Indicates the first item to return. The default is '0'.
- `service_type` (String) Service type. Optional values include wsa, wsa-https.
- `sort_by` (String) Returns results in sorted order. Enum: creationTime,lastUpdateTime Default: lastUpdateTime
- `sort_order` (String) Order of properties to return. Enum: asc,desc Default: desc
- `target` (List of String) The value can be 'staging', or 'production', or 'none' to filter the results based on where the property has been deployed.

### Read-Only

- `code` (String) Response code, 0 means successful.
- `data` (List of Object) Response data. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--data))
- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `message` (String) Response error message if failed.

<a id="nestedatt--data"></a>
### Nested Schema for `data`

Read-Only:

- `count` (Number) Number of properties.
- `properties` (List of Object) List of properties. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedobjatt--data--properties))

<a id="nestedobjatt--data--properties"></a>
### Nested Schema for `properties`

Read-Only:

- `creation_time` (String) RFC3339 format date indicating when the property was created.
- `last_update_time` (String) RFC3339 date indicating when the property was last updated.
- `latest_version` (Number) Latest version of the property.
- `production_deploying_version` (List of Object) Describes the version of the property deploying to production. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedobjatt--data--properties--production_deploying_version))
- `production_version` (List of Object) Describes the version of the property deployed to production. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedobjatt--data--properties--production_version))
- `property_comment` (String) A description of the property.
- `property_id` (Number) Property ID
- `property_name` (String) Name of the property.
- `service_type` (String) Service type. Optional values include [wsa, wsa-https].
- `staging_deploying_version` (List of Object) Describes the version of the property deploying to staging. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedobjatt--data--properties--staging_deploying_version))
- `staging_version` (List of Object) Describes the version of the property deployed to staging. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedobjatt--data--properties--staging_version))

<a id="nestedobjatt--data--properties--production_deploying_version"></a>
### Nested Schema for `production_deploying_version`

Read-Only:

- `hostnames` (List of String) List of hostnames.
- `version` (Number) Version of the property.


<a id="nestedobjatt--data--properties--production_version"></a>
### Nested Schema for `production_version`

Read-Only:

- `hostnames` (List of String) List of hostnames.
- `version` (Number) Version of the property.


<a id="nestedobjatt--data--properties--staging_deploying_version"></a>
### Nested Schema for `staging_deploying_version`

Read-Only:

- `hostnames` (List of String) List of hostnames.
- `version` (Number) Version of the property.


<a id="nestedobjatt--data--properties--staging_version"></a>
### Nested Schema for `staging_version`

Read-Only:

- `hostnames` (List of String) List of hostnames.
- `version` (Number) Version of the property.
