---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "wangsu_cdn_edge_hostnames Data Source - wangsu"
subcategory: "CDN"
description: |-
  Use this data source to query edge-hostnames.
---

# wangsu_cdn_edge_hostnames (Data Source)

Use this data source to query edge-hostnames.

## Example Usage

```hcl
data "wangsu_cdn_edge_hostnames" "example_edge_hostnames" {
  edge_hostnames     = ["www.example.com.wscncdn.com", "www.example2.com.wscncdn.com"]
  hostnames          = ["www.example.com", "www.example2.com"]
  comment            = "test"
  is_like            = true
  dns_service_status = "active"
  deploy_status      = ["pending", "success"]
  allow_china_cdn    = "0"
  offset             = 0
  limit              = 10
  sort_order         = "desc"
  sort_by            = "lastUpdateTime"
}
output "edge_hostnames" {
  value = data.wangsu_cdn_edge_hostnames.example_edge_hostnames
}
```


<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `allow_china_cdn` (String) Allow China CDN. Data range: [0,1]. 0 means not allowed, 1 means allowed.
- `comment` (String) comment.
- `deploy_status` (List of String) Deploy status. Data range: [pending, deploying, success, fail].
- `dns_service_status` (String) DNS service status. Data range: [inactive, active].
- `edge_hostnames` (List of String) Filter by edgeHostname.
- `hostnames` (List of String) Filter by hostname. If specified, only edge-hostname with this hostname will be returned.
- `is_like` (Boolean) If true, the edge-hostname, hostname and comment will be matched using a LIKE query. If false, an exact match is performed.
- `limit` (Number) Maximum number of properties to return.  Default: 100 Range: <= 200
- `offset` (Number) Indicates the first item to return. The default is '0'.
- `sort_by` (String) Returns results in sorted order. Enum: creationTime,lastUpdateTime Default: lastUpdateTime
- `sort_order` (String) Order of edge-hostname to return. Enum: asc,desc Default: desc

### Read-Only

- `code` (String) Response code, 0 means successful.
- `data` (List of Object) Response data. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--data))
- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `message` (String) Response error message if failed.

<a id="nestedatt--data"></a>
### Nested Schema for `data`

Read-Only:

- `count` (Number) Number of edge-hostnames.
- `edge_hostnames` (List of Object) List of edge-hostnames. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedobjatt--data--edge_hostnames))

<a id="nestedobjatt--data--edge_hostnames"></a>
### Nested Schema for `edge_hostnames`

Read-Only:

- `allow_china_cdn` (String) Allow China CDN. Data range: [0,1].
- `comment` (String) Edge-Hostname comment.
- `creation_time` (String) RFC3339 format date indicating when the Edge-Hostname was created.
- `deploy_status` (String) Deploy status. Data range: [pending, deploying, success, fail].
- `dns_service_status` (String) DNS service status. Data range: [inactive, active].
- `edge_hostname` (String) Edge-Hostname.
- `edge_hostname_id` (Number) Edge-Hostname ID.
- `hostnames` (List of Object) List of domain names associated with this edge-hostname. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedobjatt--data--edge_hostnames--hostnames))
- `last_update_time` (String) RFC3339 format date indicating when the Edge-Hostname was last updated.

<a id="nestedobjatt--data--edge_hostnames--hostnames"></a>
### Nested Schema for `hostnames`

Read-Only:

- `hostname` (String) Name of the domain which uses this edge-hostname.
- `target` (String) The deployment target of this hostname.
