---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "wangsu_ssl_certificate_applications Data Source - wangsu"
subcategory: "CDN"
description: |-
  Use this data source to query detailed information about SSL certificate applications.
---

# wangsu_ssl_certificate_applications (Data Source)

Use this data source to query detailed information about SSL certificate applications.

## Example Usage

```hcl
data "wangsu_ssl_certificate_applications" "example" {
  page_number      = 1
  page_size        = 100
  order_id         = "SO20251029174850285.474936729"
  order_status     = ["ACCEPT_SUCCESS", "APPLYING", "CANCELED"]
  certificate_name = "20251029001.conftest.com"
  domain           = "20251029001.conftest.com"
  start_time       = "2025-10-29 10:20:00"
  end_time         = "2025-10-29 19:40:00"
}

output "data" {
  value = data.wangsu_ssl_certificate_applications.example
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `certificate_name` (String) The certificate name.
- `domain` (String) The domain name.
- `end_time` (String) The order end time, format: yyyy-MM-dd HH:mm:ss.
- `order_id` (String) The order ID.
- `order_status` (List of String) The order status. Valid values: ACCEPT_SUCCESS (Accepted), APPLYING (Applying), ISSUE_SUCCESS (Issued), ISSUE_FAILURE (Issue Failed), REVOKED (Revoked), CANCELED (Canceled).
- `page_number` (Number) Page number, starting from 1, must be greater than or equal to 1, default is 1.
- `page_size` (Number) Page size, 1-100, default is 100.
- `start_time` (String) The order creation time, format: yyyy-MM-dd HH:mm:ss.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `orders` (List of Object) The list of certificate application orders. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--orders))
- `total_number` (Number) The total number of records.
- `total_page_number` (Number) The total number of pages.

<a id="nestedatt--orders"></a>
### Nested Schema for `orders`

Read-Only:

- `auto_renew` (String) Whether auto-renewal is enabled.
- `certificate_brand` (String) The certificate brand.
- `certificate_id` (Number) The certificate ID.
- `certificate_name` (String) The certificate name.
- `certificate_type` (String) The certificate type.
- `common_name` (String) The common name of the certificate.
- `create_time` (String) The creation time of the order.
- `description` (String) A description of the order or certificate.
- `order_id` (String) The order ID.
- `order_status` (String) The order status.
- `subject_alternative_names` (List of String) The subject alternative names.
