---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "wangsu_ssl_certificate_application_detail Data Source - wangsu"
subcategory: "CDN"
description: |-
    Use this data source to query detailed information about SSL certificate application.
---

# wangsu_ssl_certificate_application_detail (Data Source)

Use this data source to query detailed information about SSL certificate applications.

## Example Usage

```hcl
data "wangsu_ssl_certificate_application_detail" "example" {
  order_id = "SO20251029194956687.199497441"
}

output "data" {
  value = data.wangsu_ssl_certificate_application_detail.example
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `order_id` (String) The order ID.

### Optional

- `purchase_record_id` (String) The purchase record ID.

### Read-Only

- `code` (String) The error code. 0 indicates success.
- `data` (List of Object) The order details. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--data))
- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `message` (String) The error message, if any.

<a id="nestedatt--data"></a>
### Nested Schema for `data`

Read-Only:

- `admin` (List of Object) Order admin contact. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedobjatt--data--admin))
- `algorithm` (String) The algorithm used for the certificate.
- `auto_deploy` (String) Indicates whether automatic deployment is enabled.
- `auto_renew` (String) Indicates whether automatic renewal is enabled.
- `auto_validate` (String) Indicates whether automatic validation is enabled.
- `backup_certificate_brand` (String) Backup Certificate Brand.
- `certificate_brand` (String) The brand of the certificate.
- `certificate_id` (Number) The certificate ID.
- `certificate_name` (String) The name of the certificate.
- `certificate_spec` (String) The specification of the certificate.
- `certificate_type` (String) The type of the certificate.
- `create_time` (String) The creation time of the order.
- `description` (String) A description of the order or certificate.
- `dns_provider_infos` (List of Object) Information about DNS providers. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedobjatt--data--dns_provider_infos))
- `domain_type` (String) The domain type.
- `error_message` (String) The error message, if any.
- `identification_info` (List of Object) The identification information. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedobjatt--data--identification_info))
- `order_id` (String) The order ID.
- `order_status` (String) The status of the order.
- `org_validate_method` (String) Organization validate method.
- `primary_certificate_brand` (String) Primary Certificate Brand.
- `remain_validity_days` (Number) The remaining validity period in days.
- `tech` (List of Object) Order tech contact. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedobjatt--data--tech))
- `validate_method` (String) The validation method.
- `validity_days` (Number) The validity period of the certificate in days.

<a id="nestedobjatt--data--admin"></a>
### Nested Schema for `data.admin`

Read-Only:

- `email` (String) Email.
- `first_name` (String) First name.
- `last_name` (String) Last name.
- `phone` (String) Phone.
- `title` (String) Title.

<a id="nestedobjatt--data--dns_provider_infos"></a>
### Nested Schema for `data.dns_provider_infos`

Read-Only:

- `dns_api_access` (String) The DNS provider code. Supports CloudDNS (with optional certificate brands LE, TrustAsia, or GlobalSign) and CloudFlare (with optional certificate brands LE or ZeroSSL).
- `dns_provider_code` (String) The DNS provider code. Supports CloudDNS and CloudFlare.
- `domain` (String) The domain name associated with the certificate.
- `enable_dns_alias_mode` (String) Indicates whether to use alias validation mode. Value range: true, false. Defaults to false.
- `validate_alias_domain` (String) The alias domain used for validation.

<a id="nestedobjatt--data--identification_info"></a>
### Nested Schema for `data.identification_info`

Read-Only:

- `city` (String) The city.
- `common_name` (String) The common name of the certificate.
- `company` (String) The company name.
- `country` (String) The country code.
- `department` (String) The department name.
- `email` (String) The email address.
- `phone` (String) Phone.
- `postal_code` (String) Postal Code.
- `state` (String) The state or province.
- `street` (String) The street address.
- `street1` (String) The second line of the street address.
- `subject_alternative_names` (List of String) The subject alternative names.

<a id="nestedobjatt--data--tech"></a>
### Nested Schema for `data.tech`

Read-Only:

- `email` (String) Email.
- `first_name` (String) First name.
- `last_name` (String) Last name.
- `phone` (String) Phone.
- `title` (String) Title.
